Mr. Li said that he was causing trouble in this villa area
It's not as simple as breaking a leg
So there's nothing to talk about
Security won the group
Ouch boss
OK
Tell me about it. What's going on?
Brother asked you a question, dumb
Oops boss
This guy is bluffing around the sales office
Said he was going to wrap up the entire building
As a result, this swipe card has no money and no money.
I'll ask the security to kick him out now
Who said I don't have money, I really swipe you
Chen Tianze, how dare you be arrogant in front of Boss Song?
Don't worry.
Boss Song, don't listen to his nonsense
He's a poor guy earning 3,000 a month
Can't afford a villa at all
Just let him brush
Come and brush again, it won't take much time.
Master Xiong said it all
Then brush it again. It's good.
The boy is to let you swipe 100 more times
You can't get 10 billion.
Just waiting to die
Consumption successfully paid 10 billion yuan